charts/aws-cwl-exporter/README.md, before:

# AWS CloudWatch Log Exporter Helm Chart

![Version: 0.1.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.1.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 2.8.7](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-2.8.7-informational?style=flat-square) 

A productivity tool that makes it easy to schedule automated log exports to an AWS S3 Bucket.

## Source Code

* <https://github.com/StevenJDH/aws-cwl-exporter>

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>= 1.19.0-0`

## Usage example

```bash
helm repo add stevenjdh https://StevenJDH.github.io/helm-charts
helm repo update
helm upgrade --install my-aws-cwl-exporter stevenjdh/aws-cwl-exporter --version 0.1.0 \
    --set-string configMap.logGroupName=/aws/lambda/hello-world-dev \
    --set-string configMap.s3BucketName=s3-example-log-exports \
    --set-string configMap.exportPrefix=export-task-output \
    --set-string configMap.exportPeriod=hourly \
    --namespace example \
    --create-namespace \
    --atomic
```

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` | affinity for pod scheduling. Reference [Assign Pods to Nodes using Node Affinity](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-pods-nodes-using-node-affinity). |
| configMap.awsDefaultRegion | string | `""` | Optional. The AWS Region to use for requests. Must match log group and S3 bucket region. Not required when using [IRSA](https://github.com/StevenJDH/Terraform-Modules/tree/main/aws/irsa). |
| configMap.exportPeriod | string | `"hourly"` | Optional. The `hourly` or `daily` period used for collecting logs. Not required unless set to `daily`. |
| configMap.exportPrefix | string | `"export-task-output"` | Required. The prefix used as the start of the key for every object exported. |
| configMap.logGroupName | string | `""` | Required. The name of the log group source for exporting logs from. |
| configMap.s3BucketName | string | `""` | Required. The name of S3 bucket storing the exported log data. The bucket must be in the same AWS region. |
| cronjob.annotations | object | `{}` | annotations to be added to the CronJob. |
| cronjob.job.extraArgs | list | `[]` | Additional command line arguments to pass to the container. |
| cronjob.job.extraEnvs | list | `[]` | Additional environment variables to set. |
| cronjob.job.extraInitContainers | list | `[]` | Containers, which are run before the app containers are started. |
| cronjob.job.extraVolumeMounts | list | `[]` | Additional volumeMounts for the main container. |
| cronjob.job.extraVolumes | list | `[]` | Additional volumes for the pod. |
| cronjob.job.podAnnotations | object | `{}` | podAnnotations are the annotations to be added to the job pods. |
| cronjob.schedule | string | `"5 * * * *"` | The Cron schedule to trigger a CreateExportTask for the previous hour or day based on `configMap.exportPeriod`. Default is every hour at minute 5. |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` | Override for generated resource names. |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"Always"` | pullPolicy is the strategy for pulling images from a registry. |
| image.pullSecret.password | string | `""` | password is a PAT with at least read:packages permissions. |
| image.pullSecret.username | string | `""` | username is the GitHub username associated with the PAT below, like StevenJDH. |
| image.repository | string | `"stevenjdh/aws-cwl-exporter"` | repository can alternatively use "ghcr.io/stevenjdh/aws-cwl-exporter", which requires a pull secret, or "public.ecr.aws/stevenjdh/aws-cwl-exporter". |
| image.tag | string | `""` | Overrides the image tag whose default is the chart appVersion. |
| nameOverride | string | `""` | Override for chart name in helm common labels. |
| nodeSelector | object | `{"kubernetes.io/os":"linux"}` | nodeSelector is the simplest way to constrain Pods to nodes with specific labels. Use affinity for more advance options. Reference [Assigning Pods to Nodes](https://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/node-selection). |
| resources | object | `{}` | Optionally request and limit how much CPU and memory (RAM) the container needs. Reference [Resource Management for Pods and Containers](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers). |
| secrets.awsAccessKeyId | string | `""` | Optional. The AWS access key associated with an IAM user or role. Not required when using [IRSA](https://github.com/StevenJDH/Terraform-Modules/tree/main/aws/irsa). |
| secrets.awsSecretAccessKey | string | `""` | Optional. The AWS secret key associated with the access key. Not required when using [IRSA](https://github.com/StevenJDH/Terraform-Modules/tree/main/aws/irsa). |
| serviceAccount.annotations | object | `{}` | annotations to add to the service account. |
| serviceAccount.create | bool | `true` | Specifies whether a service account should be created. |
| serviceAccount.name | string | `""` | The name of the service account to use. If not set and create is true, a name is generated using the fullname template. |
| tolerations | list | `[]` | tolerations allow the scheduler to schedule pods onto nodes with matching taints. Reference [Taints and Tolerations](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration). |


// Steven Jenkins De Haro ("StevenJDH" on GitHub)

Commit message:

Added support for AWS IRSA

charts/aws-cwl-exporter/README.md, after:

# AWS CloudWatch Log Exporter Helm Chart

![Version: 0.1.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.1.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 2.8.7](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-2.8.7-informational?style=flat-square) 

A productivity tool that makes it easy to schedule automated log exports to an AWS S3 Bucket.

## Source Code

* <https://github.com/StevenJDH/aws-cwl-exporter>

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>= 1.19.0-0`

## Usage example

```bash
helm repo add stevenjdh https://StevenJDH.github.io/helm-charts
helm repo update
helm upgrade --install my-aws-cwl-exporter stevenjdh/aws-cwl-exporter --version 0.1.0 \
    --set serviceAccount.aws.irsa.enabled=true \
    --set-string serviceAccount.aws.irsa.roleArn=arn:aws:iam::000000000000:role/example-irsa-role \
    --set-string configMap.logGroupName=/aws/lambda/hello-world-dev \
    --set-string configMap.s3BucketName=s3-example-log-exports \
    --set-string configMap.exportPrefix=export-task-output \
    --set-string configMap.exportPeriod=hourly \
    --namespace example \
    --create-namespace \
    --atomic
```

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` | affinity for pod scheduling. Reference [Assign Pods to Nodes using Node Affinity](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-pods-nodes-using-node-affinity). |
| configMap.awsDefaultRegion | string | `""` | Optional. The AWS Region to use for requests. Must match log group and S3 bucket region. Not required when using [IRSA](https://github.com/StevenJDH/Terraform-Modules/tree/main/aws/irsa). |
| configMap.exportPeriod | string | `"hourly"` | Optional. The `hourly` or `daily` period used for collecting logs. Not required unless set to `daily`. |
| configMap.exportPrefix | string | `"export-task-output"` | Required. The prefix used as the start of the key for every object exported. |
| configMap.logGroupName | string | `""` | Required. The name of the log group source for exporting logs from. |
| configMap.s3BucketName | string | `""` | Required. The name of S3 bucket storing the exported log data. The bucket must be in the same AWS region. |
| cronjob.annotations | object | `{}` | annotations to be added to the CronJob. |
| cronjob.job.extraArgs | list | `[]` | Additional command line arguments to pass to the container. |
| cronjob.job.extraEnvs | list | `[]` | Additional environment variables to set. |
| cronjob.job.extraInitContainers | list | `[]` | Containers, which are run before the app containers are started. |
| cronjob.job.extraVolumeMounts | list | `[]` | Additional volumeMounts for the main container. |
| cronjob.job.extraVolumes | list | `[]` | Additional volumes for the pod. |
| cronjob.job.podAnnotations | object | `{}` | podAnnotations are the annotations to be added to the job pods. |
| cronjob.schedule | string | `"5 * * * *"` | The Cron schedule to trigger a CreateExportTask for the previous hour or day based on `configMap.exportPeriod`. Default is every hour at minute 5. |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` | Override for generated resource names. |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"Always"` | pullPolicy is the strategy for pulling images from a registry. |
| image.pullSecret.password | string | `""` | password is a PAT with at least read:packages permissions. |
| image.pullSecret.username | string | `""` | username is the GitHub username associated with the PAT below, like StevenJDH. |
| image.repository | string | `"stevenjdh/aws-cwl-exporter"` | repository can alternatively use "ghcr.io/stevenjdh/aws-cwl-exporter", which requires a pull secret, or "public.ecr.aws/stevenjdh/aws-cwl-exporter". |
| image.tag | string | `""` | Overrides the image tag whose default is the chart appVersion. |
| nameOverride | string | `""` | Override for chart name in helm common labels. |
| nodeSelector | object | `{"kubernetes.io/os":"linux"}` | nodeSelector is the simplest way to constrain Pods to nodes with specific labels. Use affinity for more advance options. Reference [Assigning Pods to Nodes](https://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/node-selection). |
| resources | object | `{}` | Optionally request and limit how much CPU and memory (RAM) the container needs. Reference [Resource Management for Pods and Containers](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers). |
| secrets.awsAccessKeyId | string | `""` | Optional. The AWS access key associated with an IAM user or role. Not required when using [IRSA](https://github.com/StevenJDH/Terraform-Modules/tree/main/aws/irsa). |
| secrets.awsSecretAccessKey | string | `""` | Optional. The AWS secret key associated with the access key. Not required when using [IRSA](https://github.com/StevenJDH/Terraform-Modules/tree/main/aws/irsa). |
| serviceAccount.annotations | object | `{}` | annotations to add to the service account. |
| serviceAccount.aws.irsa.audience | string | `"sts.amazonaws.com"` | audience sets the intended recipient of the token. |
| serviceAccount.aws.irsa.enabled | bool | `true` | Specifies whether or not to enable support for AWS IAM Roles for Service Accounts (IRSA). Static credentials will be required if this is set to false. |
| serviceAccount.aws.irsa.roleArn | string | `""` | roleArn is the ARN of an IAM role with a web identity provider. For example, `arn:aws:iam::000000000000:role/example-irsa-role`. |
| serviceAccount.aws.irsa.stsRegionalEndpoints | string | `"true"` | stsRegionalEndpoints specifies whether or not to use an STS regional endpoint instead of a global one. It is recommended to use a regional endpoint in almost all cases. |
| serviceAccount.aws.irsa.tokenExpiration | int | `86400` | tokenExpiration is the token expiration duration in seconds. Default is 1 day. |
| serviceAccount.create | bool | `true` | Specifies whether a service account should be created. |
| serviceAccount.name | string | `""` | The name of the service account to use. If not set and create is true, a name is generated using the fullname template. |
| tolerations | list | `[]` | tolerations allow the scheduler to schedule pods onto nodes with matching taints. Reference [Taints and Tolerations](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration). |


// Steven Jenkins De Haro ("StevenJDH" on GitHub)
